Community demos - Iris Classification and linear regression (#158)
PennyLaneAI/qml: demos_community.rst

    show how to characterize the loss landscape with it. We show how the Hessian can be used to
    escape flat regions of the loss landscape.

.. community-card::
    :title: Iris Classification using Angle Embedding and qml.qnn.KerasLayer
    :author: Hemant Gahankari

>     :date: 09/11/2020

Author: Going with the date for acceptance of the submission (could update to the day of merging if preferred)

    :code: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/13PvS2D8mxBvlNw6_5EapUU2ePKdf_K53#scrollTo=1fJWDX5LxfvB
    :color: heavy-rain-gradient

    This example is created to explain how to pass classical data into the quantum
    function and convert it to quantum data. Later it shows how to create

>     qml.qnn.KerasLayer from qnode and train it and also check model performance.

Author: Good call, thanks!

:html:`</div></div><br><div style='clear:both'>`
:html:`<div class="card-deck">`

.. community-card::
    :title: Iris Classification using Amplitude Embedding and qml.qnn.KerasLayer
    :author: Hemant Gahankari
    :date: 09/11/2020
    :code: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/12ls_GkSD2t0hr3Mx9-qzVvSWxR3-N0WI#scrollTo=4PQTkXpv52vZ
    :color: heavy-rain-gradient

    This example is created to explain how to pass classical data into the
    quantum function and convert it to quantum data. Later it shows how to
    create qml.qnn.KerasLayer from qnode and train it and also check model
    performance.

.. community-card::
    :title: Linear Regression using Angle Embedding and Single Qubit
    :author: Hemant Gahankari
    :date: 09/11/2020
    :code: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1ABVtBjwcGNNIfmiwEXRdFdZ47K1vZ978?usp=sharing
    :color: heavy-rain-gradient

>     This example is created to explain how to create a Hybrid Neural Network
>     (Mix of Classical and Quantum Layer) and train it and get predictions from
>     it. The data set consists of a temperature readings in Degree Centigrade
>     and corresponding Fahrenheit. Objective is to train a neural network to
>     predict Fahrenheit value given Deg Centigrade value.

Reviewer: Again, maybe we shouldn't care about grammar/wording here.

```suggestion
    This example is created to explain how to create a Hybrid Neural Network
    (mix of classical and quantum layers) and train it and get predictions from
    it. The data set consists of temperature readings in degrees Centigrade
    and corresponding Fahrenheit. The objective is to train a neural network to
    predict Fahrenheit values given Centigrade values.
```

:html:`</div></div><br><div style='clear:both'>`
:html:`<div class="card-deck">`

.. community-card::
    :title: Iris Classification using Qnode and Keras Optimizer and Loss function
    :author: Hemant Gahankari
    :date: 09/11/2020
    :code: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/17Qri3jUBpjjkhmO6ZZZNXwm511svSVPw?usp=sharing
    :color: heavy-rain-gradient

>     This example is created to explain how to create a quantum function and
>     train a quantum function using keras optimizer directly. i.e. not using
>     Keras Layer. Objective is to train a quantum function to predict classes of
>     Iris dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This example is created to explain how to create a quantum function and
    train a quantum function using Keras optimizer directly, i.e., not using
    a Keras layer. The objective is to train a quantum function to predict classes of
    the Iris dataset.
```
